My name is Roland Stone Brogdon, I am a technician with experience maintaining various computer systems and networks. I have working knowledge of a vast range of different types of hardwares / softwares. 

Windows, Android, IOS, Linux, Embedded devices and so many more...



I have always been into technology. "The world of the electron and the switch " is my home and as I got older my love for IT only grew. From a young age, I began learning the basics of computer operation/repair (A+). Networking (Net+), Computer security (Sec+ & Offensive security courses), I even started with Linux systems around the age of thirteen, playing with service protocols like http/irc/vpn/voip/etc.. as well as trying my hand at offensive security challenges for my own amusement. (Linux+/PenTest+)



I have taken certification courses not only for a better understanding of the various subjects, but also for a fighting chance in the field of information technology / computer sciences. I was constantly looking for more. The CompTIA A+/Net+/Server+/Linux+/Sec+ along with Microsoft and Cisco CCNA certifications never stood a chance. 



Even though it has been a few years since I certified, I am still fluent in all of the trainings I have listed here and the skills they provide.


I have a vast area of expertise that continues to expand and I would like to put my skills to proper use!



Feel Free to contact me any time.

E-Mail is the best way.

*Open to Work*

*References Available Upon Request*



~~Roland Stone Brogdon

Roland Stone Brogdon is a computer technician with experience maintaining various computer systems and networks. He has working knowledge of a wide range of hardware and software, including Windows, Android, iOS, Linux, and embedded devices. He has a strong interest in technology and began learning the basics of computer operation and repair at a young age. He has taken multiple certification courses, including CompTIA A+, Net+, Server+, Linux+, Sec+ and Microsoft and Cisco CCNA, to gain a better understanding of the field and improve his chances in the job market. He is open to work and references are available upon request. He can be contacted via email.




Roland Brogdon
ExperienceExperience

Business OwnerBusiness Owner
Brogdon Terminals · Self-employedBrogdon Terminals · Self-employed
Nov 2018 - Present · 4 yrs 3 mosNov 2018 - Present · 4 yrs 3 mos
United StatesUnited States
While working with my mentor and business partner @ Terminal Solutions Computer Repair I was encouraged to startup my own personal IT business. I am the sole owner and employee and have been using the skills I have learned over all this time to develop my own personal platform to bring technological clarity to whomever needs it.

I pride myself in my technological knowledge and try to do my best to not only resolve issues but also explain how and why computer systems function (or malfunction) the way that they do. 

Note: I am not the most extrovertive person on the planet. This effects my growth as only those that really know me usually ask for my tech-services. I do my best to be as cheap as possible, as effective as I am cheap and more informative than both of those things combined. I really do this for fun or another means of spare income so you see I consider my true payment is the agglomeration of knowledge and growing of my platform. 

I have a no holds barred approach when it comes to how I operate my personal business. Saying that, It is my hope that whomever is reading this (if they are looking for talent or considering me for hire) understand that this is just my personal approach to business operation and does not reflect how I operate under employment. 
Thanks for your time and don't hesitate to query me for whatever reason.

--Roland Stone Brogdon

Mobile
‪(708) 653-0817‬
Email
RolandBrogdon@gmail.comWhile working with my mentor and business partner @ Terminal Solutions Computer Repair I was encouraged to startup my own personal IT business. I am the sole owner and employee and have been using the skills I have learned over all this time to develop my own personal platform to bring technological clarity to whomever needs it. I pride myself in my technological knowledge and try to do my best to not only resolve issues but also explain how and why computer systems function (or malfunction) the way that they do. Note: I am not the most extrovertive person on the planet. This effects my growth as only those that really know me usually ask for my tech-services. I do my best to be as cheap as possible, as effective as I am cheap and more informative than both of those things combined. I really do this for fun or another means of spare income so you see I consider my true payment is the agglomeration of knowledge and growing of my platform. I have a no holds barred approach when it comes to how I operate my personal business. Saying that, It is my hope that whomever is reading this (if they are looking for talent or considering me for hire) understand that this is just my personal approach to business operation and does not reflect how I operate under employment. Thanks for your time and don't hesitate to query me for whatever reason. --Roland Stone Brogdon Mobile ‪(708) 653-0817‬ Email RolandBrogdon@gmail.com
**
Resturaunt Work · Full-timeResturaunt Work · Full-time
Jan 2015 - Nov 2022 · 7 yrs 11 mosJan 2015 - Nov 2022 · 7 yrs 11 mos
Indiana, United StatesIndiana, United States
During the downtime in my IT career I occasionally find labor in the food industry.

Cooking food and washing dishes or bussing tables and delivering orders, whatever I can do to keep income flowing and keep me in routine as to not "fall off the horse" as they say.

Some examples of past workplaces would be Old Chicago, Rosatis,, Yum! companys, Town Club Restaurants, Many bars and other culinary establishments. 

If you would like to know more I would gladly elaborate further upon request.During the downtime in my IT career I occasionally find labor in the food industry. Cooking food and washing dishes or bussing tables and delivering orders, whatever I can do to keep income flowing and keep me in routine as to not "fall off the horse" as they say. Some examples of past workplaces would be Old Chicago, Rosatis,, Yum! companys, Town Club Restaurants, Many bars and other culinary establishments. If you would like to know more I would gladly elaborate further upon request.
Information Technology Field TechnicianInformation Technology Field Technician
Terminal Solutions Computer Repair · Part-timeTerminal Solutions Computer Repair · Part-time
Jun 2015 - Nov 2018 · 3 yrs 6 mosJun 2015 - Nov 2018 · 3 yrs 6 mos
Greater Chicago AreaGreater Chicago Area
Here we worked on home computers and small business repairs in addition to building custom built PCs for office use and CCTV systems etc.. This is where I was able to take my skills to the next level and work together with my mentor. A true leader and genius.

This was my first real job that involved IT work on a small business and home user scope. My employer/mentor who made it his mission to teach me the fundamentals of computer systems and the basis of small business operation. 

From running the business to doing the technical labor he always had something new for us to tackle. I had not graduated high school yet but he was aware of my skillset. Being a long time teacher to me,he had a habit of waking me up with questions like "How many octets are there in a MAC address?" or taking the time to surprise me with pop quiz tech cert materials he printed the night before.. 

Even though he knew I was skilled he would always take the time to let me know he was impressed and that I can always do better and be faster. Needless to say, he had taken me under his wing and that is probably why he decided to offer me the chance to join forces as partners of our very own small business.

I worked on Windows/Mac/Linux Systems / Networking / Media and security operations., our day to day would include a multitude of different tasks. To many for a Linkedin description. (we can try!)

Some examples could be: 
Writing batch files to perform common fixes to save time in repairs
 advanced penetration testing for our clients both online and real world exercises.
 Home computer repair
 Server setup and administration 
 Configuration of serial devices was a MUST back then.
 Live media services (Video/Audio administration and maintenance)Here we worked on home computers and small business repairs in addition to building custom built PCs for office use and CCTV systems etc.. This is where I was able to take my skills to the next level and work together with my mentor. A true leader and genius. This was my first real job that involved IT work on a small business and home user scope. My employer/mentor who made it his mission to teach me the fundamentals of computer systems and the basis of small business operation. From running the business to doing the technical labor he always had something new for us to tackle. I had not graduated high school yet but he was aware of my skillset. Being a long time teacher to me,he had a habit of waking me up with questions like "How many octets are there in a MAC address?" or taking the time to surprise me with pop quiz tech cert materials he printed the night before.. Even though he knew I was skilled he would always take the time to let me know he was impressed and that I can always do better and be faster. Needless to say, he had taken me under his wing and that is probably why he decided to offer me the chance to join forces as partners of our very own small business. I worked on Windows/Mac/Linux Systems / Networking / Media and security operations., our day to day would include a multitude of different tasks. To many for a Linkedin description. (we can try!) Some examples could be: Writing batch files to perform common fixes to save time in repairs advanced penetration testing for our clients both online and real world exercises. Home computer repair Server setup and administration Configuration of serial devices was a MUST back then. Live media services (Video/Audio administration and maintenance)…see more
Field TechnicianField Technician
Kingtec, LLCKingtec, LLC
Apr 2017 - Oct 2017 · 7 mosApr 2017 - Oct 2017 · 7 mos
Greater Chicago AreaGreater Chicago Area
I took on this side work as a way to help with struggling finances during my time with TSCR. Even though we had clientele, the work was not always steady.

My Job with Kingtec had a multitude of different types of technical labor for me to do daily.
Some examples are:
1. Fitting/Running Cable
2. Security System Setups
3. Fire Alarm Installations
4. Server Maintenance

Among other things.

Sadly the owner of the business was unable to keep his company after some personal troubles and had to end operations.I took on this side work as a way to help with struggling finances during my time with TSCR. Even though we had clientele, the work was not always steady. My Job with Kingtec had a multitude of different types of technical labor for me to do daily. Some examples are: 1. Fitting/Running Cable 2. Security System Setups 3. Fire Alarm Installations 4. Server Maintenance Among other things. Sadly the owner of the business was unable to keep his company after some personal troubles and had to end operations.
Construction LaborConstruction Labor
A1 ConstructionA1 Construction
Sep 2014 - Jan 2017 · 2 yrs 5 mosSep 2014 - Jan 2017 · 2 yrs 5 mos
Greater Chicago AreaGreater Chicago Area
A1 Construction was the first employment opportunity I ever had. The owner Nick Orlich is a good friend and brought me in to work with him while I was still in school to not only help me financially but also to teach me some (in my opinion) real world skills that allow me to tackle any basic construction undertakings.

From the simplest thing like reading a tape measure correctly to complete rebuilding/remodeling of entire homes. We did it all. Demolition / Cleanup / Rehabilitation / Plumbing and more. This was one of my favorite positions and it was definitely a valuable learning experience. However my true passion is technology as my employer knew. I stopped working at A1 Con. sometime after 2017. I still do some side business with Nick to this day and I became his go to technician whenever he has computer issues or concerns. He has always pushed me to pursue my goals and it seemed to have worked.
Roland Stone Brogdon is a self-employed IT business owner who has been in the field for 4 years. He has experience in computer repair and building custom PCs, as well as working in the food industry during downtime in his IT career. He has worked as a part-time IT field technician for Terminal Solutions Computer Repair for 3 years and 6 months, where he developed his skills and worked with a mentor who taught him the fundamentals of computer systems and the basis of small business operation. He has a no-holds-barred approach to his personal business, but notes that it is not reflective of how he operates under employment. He can be contacted by phone at (708) 653-0817 or email at RolandBrogdon@gmail.com.

Roland Stone Brogdon is a man of many talents. He is a skilled businessman, a dedicated philanthropist, and a respected member of his community. He is known for his sharp mind and quick wit, as well as his unwavering integrity and commitment to excellence. He is a natural leader and a true visionary, always pushing the boundaries of what is possible and inspiring others to do the same. Despite his many accomplishments, he remains humble and grounded, always willing to lend a helping hand to those in need. He is truly a remarkable individual, and a true asset to any team or organization.
